h1. This is the data for my blog

It is automatically transformed by "Jekyll":http://github.com/mojombo/jekyll into a static site whenever I push this repository to GitHub.

I was tired of having my blog posts end up in a database off on some remote server. That is backwards. I've lost valuable posts that way. I want to author my posts locally in Textile or Markdown. My blog should be easily stylable and customizable any way I please. It should take care of creating a feed for me. And most of all, my site should be stored on GitHub so that I never lose data again.

h1. Todo

* Fix the header navigation. It's currently showing the wrong current
* -Convert to Textile. Pipe-dream, since everyone else has a hard-on for markdown.- Fuck this
* Don't regenerate the atom.xml file if no content has changed
* Sticky Footer, preferably in CSS
* -Keep the hire-me page up to date- Not looking for work
* Calendar view of posts? Maybe when I post daily
* Update all posts to keep them current
* Fix the selected work in @_includes/portfolio.markdown@
* Nicer method of including keywords in the layout
* -CSS/JS to fix codeblocks in posts-
* -Hide the sidebar, or at least minimize it, when not in use- Responsive layout
* JSON Search index?

h1. Features

* Pimped out Rakefile
- rake clean              # Clean out caches: _tmp
- rake deploy             # Generate and publish the entire site, and send out pings
- rake dev                # Run Jekyll in development mode
- rake drafts             # List all draft posts
- rake generate           # Generate jekyll site
- rake integrate          # Move all stashed posts back into the posts directory, ready for site generation.
- rake isolate[filename]  # Generate a single, or set, of blog posts containing certain words in the filename
- rake list               # list tasks
- rake new_page           # Create a new page in /(filename)/index.markdown
- rake new_post           # Begin a new post in _posts
- rake ping               # Ping pingomatic
- rake preview            # Preview the site in a web browser
- rake push               # Push source code to Github
- rake rsync              # rsync the contents of ./_site to the server
- rake sitemap            # Notify Google of the new sitemap
- rake start_serve        # start up an instance of serve on the output files
- rake stop_serve         # stop all instances of serve
- rake tag                # Create and push a tag
- rake watch              # Watch the site and regenerate when it changes

* Lots of useful plugins for a full-featured site
  - Archives
  - Tags
  - Categories
  - Custom pages
  - Sitemap
  - Custom tags

h1. License

The following directories and their contents are Copyright Jose Diaz-Gonzalez. You may not reuse anything therein without my permission:

* _posts/
* _site/
* images/

The following directories are in a funky state and probably belong to someone:

* css
* js
* _layouts
* _includes

All other directories and files are MIT Licensed where possible. Feel free to use the HTML and CSS as you please. If you do use them, a link back to http://github.com/mojombo/jekyll would be appreciated, but is not required.